hello and welcome to my new tutorial
as long as I'm going to teach you how to do
to actually trap an entry
alain pelletier
it will be done I live its explosives when we scrutinize tutorial tutorials
to teach you how to recruit
they first did hoist to hear explosives finally physical wire a
explosive
so you unstick romance everything is in an explosion
purepeople ticked every year to help under do that + more or
less damage
I feel good so after you have in the water always in the kingdom
laughter detection later in force
owning photos and coaching you photos 0 show brive
that he was there to disappear I was then on tour
we see our contracts in bar
can we be made more urgent
gamba
about that which more is detected
finally not to act without passing under
and upstairs so we can not stubborn
the peoples I pass like in the legs
after you go to this weir group
flexibility control and comparison
so this will be the esm in this school
so the meaning advocated 2
expected choose in the country is that the peak
take out tunis
but next
then 6
you go in
for sandrine
constant of lyon
so it's in wired a head whore
take a value submit the distance
so there its 127
you have to see it so I'm waiting for you now
and after reading all that we can feed all the chosen men this is the
voyeur
so the park the distance
what are the guides to
didier cuche
we harvest is smaller
gentlemen
so you see then that 127
after
the haut-rhin and nor does it serve as a foul ilic one of two torrents
hard that detect by a little bitterness
you take the aaa you put on three years
to put away and the country is on a way to put away
after detonating
it must be solved
on a flow of water of course I mean the cannon of detonating that are
cans to help the organic guitar
and now
I spent like that would be good
when I'm not walking
things have an end
janka did the trick because if our minister m
the only problem is the job
so I take sometimes it's beyond
but hey it's not there
its symbolic
so now we're going to have to go to have to turn it on or off
so you go in is not worthy that the enter a key you want
I commit you all want
fauzy is evaluating punk in Wolof
so the mythical course here
his only offer
after
you chose it's an indicator
so on the value you put up the colors actually wanted
the extra
project
that's it
to develop
right here
randy who is so proud active jacky foods
after
choose a tick bite
Africa counts
so the newsletter
so here it is a little near five which four days in bed she held
gates
thanks to what
so you can not it
the and not bind it all together
ebay
he is not a whore
after you relay for your indicator
coulibaly 7
and the detail is from the can
we want to help him
and you their politics
anais and the tourist
so it only serves if she's not activating more meggitt or exposing herself
but I'm going there
this winter and at all
in the heart
you can see the light that alert
after as soon as I passed
sam petonnet
so it's a pretty simple trap
that works pretty well
so I want to do a second tutorial to explain to you
how will it be a little more complicated
Africa our other thing that an explosion